   <<        Short Documentation for 'offset/cmd':        >>
   << (C) 1984, Nick Andrew - Zeta Microcomputer Software >>

   Offset is the ultimate offsetting program. It does all the
work in modifying a file - the user need only tell OFFSET
which file he/she wishes to offset - OFFSET does the rest.
   Offset will be on the Omen's drives as either:
a) 'offsetm1/com' or b) 'offsetm3/com' for model I or III
trs-80.
   The command format is:
     'offsetm1 [%]filename' which means typing 'offset'
followed by a filename (NO EXTENSION) with an optional '%'
sign prefixing the filename.
   For a non-'%' command line, OFFSET reads the file called
'filename/ORI' from disk and writes the offsetted (and now
hopefully executable) program back onto disk with the filename
'filename/CMD'.
   When the '%' prefix is included in the command line
(directly before the filename) then operation is the same,
except that a system-type tape is first loaded from tape unit
zero. This data from tape is stored on disk as 'filename/ORI'
ready for the next stage of the offsetting process (described
above).
   Please note that this program is copyright though public
domain and that I (Nick Andrew) hold all commercial rights.
   I believe this program will offset practically all tape
programs, even those using tape autostart. I cannot, however
guarantee this as there are many devious means of putting
programs on tape.
   I would appreciate any feedback from users on problems
encountered using this program, perhaps along with copies
of the input given to offset and its output.
   Nick Andrew.


